Update and edit logsdb docs for logsdb / synthetic source GA (#118303)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/index-modules.asciidoc

`standard`::: Standard indexing with default settings.

<<tsds,`time_series`>>::: Index mode optimized for storage of metrics documented in <<tsds-index-settings,TSDS Settings>>.

> <<logs-data-stream,`logsdb`>>::: Index mode optimized for storage of logs. By default, this setting uses <<synthetic-source,synthetic `_source`>> and sorts on the `hostname` and `timestamp` fields. You can override the defaults to <<index-modules-index-sorting,sort>> on different fields.

Reviewer: Agreed - i wonder if we should just say "optimized for logs" and link a page. `time_series` is like that above.

> <<logs-data-stream,`logsdb`>>::: Index mode optimized for storage of logs. By default, this setting uses <<synthetic-source,synthetic `_source`>> and sorts on the `hostname` and `timestamp` fields. You can override the defaults to <<index-modules-index-sorting,sort>> on different fields.

Author: thank you both, agreed

@salvatore-campagna the extra sentences were yours, so just fyi

`time_series`::: Index mode optimized for storage of metrics documented in <<tsds-index-settings,TSDS Settings>>.

> `logsdb`::: _(https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Enterprise subscription] required)_ +
> Index mode optimized for storage of logs. By default, this setting uses <<synthetic-source,synthetic `_source`>> and sorts on the `hostname` and `timestamp` fields. You can override the defaults to <<index-modules-index-sorting,sort>> on different fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<<logs-data-stream,`logsdb`>>::: Index mode optimized for storage of logs. By default, this setting uses <<synthetic-source,synthetic `_source`>> and sorts on the `hostname` and `timestamp` fields. You can override the defaults to <<index-modules-index-sorting,sort>> on different fields.
```

Reviewer 2: Might be helpful to link to main logs db page here? I don't think you need the subscription requirement here and can delegate to the overview page for that information.
